Add user stories for ANP Egress Cluster control (#86)
kubernetes-sigs/network-policy-api: docs/userstories/v1/egress-control-in-anp/egress-control-outside-cluster.md

### Summary

1. **As a** cluster administrator **I want** to restrict traffic from
specific cluster workloads to all or specific destinations outside the

> cluster **so that** I can enforce security for south-north traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster **so that** I can enforce security for northbound traffic.
```

The internet is at the top of the (notional) drawing, so egress is "north" and ingress (which we aren't handling here) is "south".

Author: yeah thanks Dan! `northbound` is definitely better; I confused it with south->(to)north haha, will change this.

guardrails irrespective of whatever network policies are defined by the
developer for specific namespaces.

### Description

Often times cluster administrators want to explicitly control the
egress traffic from workloads towards external destinations like allowing
some (not all) workloads to access a secure service outside the cluster.

They might also want to setup cluster wide safeguard rules for egress in
general so that they don't have to worry about when namespace specific
policies are created by users at any given point.

### Acceptance Criteria

1. If I add an admin network policy to deny traffic from a specific "subject"
of workloads towards an external destination (optionally provide port
restrictions) then those workloads should not be able to connect to that
external destination.

2. If I apply an admin network policy with lower priority egress rules to deny
traffic from a specific "subject" of workloads towards all external
destinations and then apply higher priority egress rules to allow traffic for
those workloads towards well defined destinations then those workloads should
not be able to connect to any other external destinations than the explicitly
allowed ones.

> 

Reviewer: I think you need another criterion for the "guardrails" case?

Author: I thought point 2 was the criterion for the "guardrails" case.. :D I changed the word guardrail, ptal the second iteration to see if it makes sense.

[
Also, here are a few points that need to be addressed:

1. Should we also address Ingress case for north-south traffic? Do we have
requests from users to restrict access INTO the cluster workloads from external
entities? I'd think not since clusterCIDRs are not generally routable

> from outside anyways.

Reviewer: Ingress is a lot harder to deal with so the plan had been to ignore it for now

Author: agreed. I'll go with egress only for now.

2. I propose to include this in our existing ANP & BANP objects and not create
a new object

> 3. Constraint 3.

Reviewer: Ah, yes, "Constraint 3" :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: oopsy ... removed..
